# 1. Opening Activities

## 1.1 Opening comments (Co-Chair)

- Thomas Schmidt sets the motion to accept Thomas Schaffer as acting chair for the April meeting as Omar and Justin are not able to be present.
- Stefan and Rogue seconded. No objections. No discussions.
- Note: Omar able to attend shortly after start of the meeting.

## 1.2 Introduction of participants/roll call (Co-Chair)

Quorum requires participation of 7 or more of the 13 voting members (including the officers).

| First Name | Last Name   | Company                                                     | Role(s)                 | Present |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------|:--------|
| Adrian     | Diglio      | Microsoft                                                   | Member                  | No      |
| Art        | Middlekauff | Flexera                                                     | Member                  | Yes     |
| David      | Kemp        | National Security Agency                                    | Member                  | Yes     |
| Denny      | Page        | Individual                                                  | Voting Member           | No      |
| Duncan     | Sparrell    | sFractal Consulting LLC                                     | Member                  | No      |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Harin      | Sarda       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member                  | Yes     |
| Jautau     | White       | Microsoft                                                   | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Jeremy     | Rickard     | Microsoft                                                   | Member                  | Yes     |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Co-Chair                | No      |
| Kris       | Vandecruys  | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member           | No      |
| Kunal      | Modasiya    | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member                  | No      |
| Langley    | Rock        | Dell                                                        | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Member                  | No      |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco Systems                                               | Co-Chair                | Yes     |
| Pablo      | Quiroga     | Qualys, Inc.                                                | Member                  | No      |
| Peter      | Gephardt    | IBM                                                         | Member                  | No      |
| Przemyslaw | Roguski     | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Sergii     | Demianchuk  | Cisco Systems                                               | Observer                | Yes     |
| Shridhar   | Chari       | Cisco Systems                                               | Member                  | Yes     |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member           | No      |
| Stefan     | Arntzen     | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member           | No      |
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Secretary, taking notes | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens                                                     | Member                  | No      |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) Germany       | Voting Member           | Yes     |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens                                                     | Member                  | No      |

Quorum was reached (8 voting members present)

## 1.3 Procedures for this meeting (Moderator)

## 1.4 Approval of agenda

- Roll Call  
- Updates
- Approval of previous meeting minutes (motions carried out per e-mail motions)  
- Review of actions
- Review of outstanding issues and pull requests marked for TC discussion: https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox  
- Next steps  

## 1.5 Approval of previous minutes (Moderator)

## 1.6 Review of action items and resolutions (Secretary Stefan)

## 1.7 Identification of TC voting members (Secretary)

### 1.7.1 Prospective voting members attending their first meeting

### 1.7.2 Members attaining voting rights at the end of this meeting

Shridhar Chari

### 1.7.3 Members losing voting rights if they have not joined this meeting by the time it ends

### 1.7.4 Members who previously lost voting rights who are attending this meeting

### 1.7.5 Members who have declared a leave of absence

# 2. Future Meetings

## 2.1 Future meeting schedule (Secretary)

- Next Scheduled Teleconferences (Wednesday at 09:00 PT / 12:00 ET / 18:00 CET / **17:00** UTC for 1 hour) - all in 2025

    ```
    May 21
    June 18
    July 16
    August 20
    September 17
    October 15
    November 19
    December 17
    ```

# 3. Discussion

## 3.1 Updates
- Omar gave an update on the pending items related to acronyms. He checked with OASIS, other TCs, and ISO standard contacts regarding acronyms and the important aspect is consistency throughout the standard.
- Omar gave an update that OASIS staff has a template where we can put the content of the draft of the whitepaper.
    - The process is once we have the definitions in place and paper finalized, there will be a ballot for the paper to be approved as a work item for the TC.
    - With majory vote, the paper will proceed to be published.
    - Omar will take the action item to convert current state of whitepaper to the OASIS template.

## 3.2 Issues / Pull Requests

- PR [#73](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/openeox/pull/73)
    - Omar and Langley discuss the use of EoSecS.
    - Langley suggests not using acronyms to avoid conflict.
    - Thomas Schmidt and Rogue disagree and emphasize the need for acronyms as long as they are clearly definined in the standard.
        - Acronym duplication and conflict is not a new thing. 
    - Thomas Schmidt suggests voting between the three most popular options:
      - EOSS
      - EoSecS
      - EOSSec
    - TC majority vote is for EoSSec.
    - Thomas Schmidt put motion to accept the End of Security Support Acronym as EoSSec.
    - Omar and Rogue seconded. No discussion. No objections. Motion passed.

## 3.3 Next steps

# 4. Other Business

# 5. Resolutions and Decisions reached (by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end)

## 5.1 End debate of other issues by 10 minutes prior to scheduled meeting end and follow the agenda from this point (Co-Chair)

## 5.2 Review of Decisions Reached (Secretary)

## 5.3 Review of Action Items (Secretary)

ACTION Omar takes action to add content to template for OASIS product.

# 6. Next Meeting

Omar: Will ensure the invite will indicate the correct time for March, 19.

  ```
  May 21, 2025 - US already in DST, while Europe is not yet.
  ```

# 8. Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned.
